at that time Marauder ballad am the son
of ballad on king of babylon sent
letters and a present to Hezekiah for he
heard that he had been sick and had
recovered and Hezekiah was pleased with
them and showed them the house of his
treasures the silver and gold the spices
and precious ointment and all his armory
all that was found among his treasures
there was nothing in his house or in all
his Dominion that Hezekiah did not show
them then Isaiah the prophet went to
King Hezekiah and said to him what did
these men say and from where did they
come to you they came to me from a far
country from Babylon
what have they seen in your house they
have seen all that is in my house there
is nothing among my treasures that I
have not shown them hear the word of the
Lord of Hosts behold the days are coming
when all that is in your house and what
your fathers have accumulated until this
day shall be carried to Babylon nothing
shall be left says the Lord and they
shall take away some of your sons who
will descend from you whom you will
beget and they shall be eunuchs in the
palace of the king of Babylon the word
of the Lord which you have spoken is
good
at least there will be peace and truth
in my days
[Music]